Provides a tabbed_content helper method for easily creating a set of tabbed panels:

  tabbed_content do |tab|
    tab.make_tab('profile', "<p>Content for the profile panel</p>")
    tab.make_tab('email settings', "<p>Content for the email settings panel</p>")
    tab.activity('recent activity', "<p>Content for the recent activity panel</p>")
  end

=== Installation
Copy <tt>tabbed_content_helper.rb</tt> into RAILS_ROOT/app/helpers.

The typical usage of the helper requires _prototype_ (<tt>prototype.js</tt>) and, if you opt
to use one of the animation effects, _scriptaculous_ (<tt>effects.js</tt>).

However, it's possible to use the helper with another javascript library or with
custom code by configuring it to generate only the tab markup. See the <tt>:html_only</tt>
option for details.

=== Usage

  tabbed_content(tab_container_id = "tabs", options = {}){|tab_builder| ... }

The tabbed_content method yields a tab builder object which is used to add tabs by invoking
#make_tab (uses the header label as the tab id) or via a "named tab"-style call (uses the
method name as the tab id).

==== Options
* <tt>:html_only</tt> - If true, only html markup is generated. Set this if you want to
  use custom javascript or some library other than prototype/scriptaculous (e.g. jQuery)
  for tab control. Default is +false+.
* <tt>:effect</tt> - Controls the effect used to show or hide the active tab. Valid values
  are <tt>nil</tt> and <tt>:appear</tt>. Default is +nil+.
<tt></tt>

==== Examples

===== Example 1

  tabbed_content do |tab|
    tab.make_tab('profile', "<p>Content for the profile panel</p>")
    tab.make_tab('email settings', "<p>Content for the email settings panel</p>")
    tab.activity('recent activity', "<p>Content for the recent activity panel</p>")
  end

This will generate the html for tab headers and panels, wrapped in a container <tt><div></tt> with
the default id of _tabs_, and (unobtrusive) javascript for tab selection:

  <div id="tabs">
    <ul id="tab_headers">
      <li class="ui-tabs-selected" id="tab_header_profile"><a href="#profile">profile</a></li>
      <li id="tab_header_email-settings"><a href="#email-settings">email settings</a></li>
      <li id="tab_header_activity"><a href="#activity">recent activity</a></li>
    </ul>
    <div id="tab_panels">
      <div id="tab_panel_profile" style="display: block;"><div><p>Content for the profile panel</p></div></div>
      <div id="tab_panel_email-settings" style="display: none;"><div><p>Content for the email settings panel</p></div></div>
      <div id="tab_panel_activity" style="display: none;"><div><p>Content for the recent activity panel</p></div></div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <script type="text/javascript">
  ...
  </script>

=== Author
Charles Melhorn, http://the.dourlad.com

=== License
Copyright (c) 2009 Charles Melhorn. Licensed under the MIT License:
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php



